# Phone Attendance
This was developed for my wife to track attendance in her class.  Her school requires all students to store there phones in a phone caddy in each classroom before they take their seat.  The teachers are required to verify that the students have put their phones in the caddy so we decided to setup a barcode system in and a develop a phone app so she can quickly do that task at the begining of class.  This also gives her the ability to use it to take attendance at the same time. 

## Process Description
There will be a clear "phone caddy" hanging in her room, this is actually a [clear shoe organizer](https://www.amazon.com/Simple-Houseware-Pockets-Hanging-Organizer/dp/B07CG2R9ST/ref=sr_1_3?crid=2RO775GSHTF3V&keywords=show+wall+hang+caddy+clear&qid=1658869016&sprefix=show+wall+hang+caddy+clear%2Caps%2C101&sr=8-3).  We will put a barcode behind each phone slot.  Each student per period will be assigned a phone slot. They should put their phone in their perscribed slot each period at the start of class.  If they did not bring their phone, or have a phone, there will be fake phones that they can use for class period.  Once the students have put up their phones, my wife will open the app select the class and then scan the barcodes that are not blocked by a device. These are the students who are absent or have not put up their phone.  My wife can then do a quick check to make sure the students that the app says are not there are really not there and there and then she can send that list along to the attendance system. 
